{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9 30 BEST ALM Tools [Oct 2020 List]\par
\f1\lang16393\u9889?\f0  What is ALM?\par
\b0\par
Application Lifecycle Management is shortly known as ALM, helps developers & project managers to manage and track Application development process. There are plenty of tools are available for this purpose.\par
\par
\b\f1\u10067?\f0  Why use ALM Tools?\b0\par
\par
AML tools helps organizations to manage Project management, Requirements management, Development, Testing, Quality assurance (QA), Customer support, IT service delivery.\par
\par
Here is the list of top ALM software with key features and download links for free trial.\par
\par
1) \b Visure\b0\par
\par
\par
Visure Solutions, Inc. is a leading provider of requirements management too suites offering a comprehensive collaborative ALM platform. Visure\rquote s value proposition is nothing less than the total innovative technology in key functions, system performance, standard compliance and solution economics for engineering requirements of safety-critical and business-critical systems.\par
\par
\b Features\b0 :\par
\par
Visure offers specialized, innovative Requirement ALM platform to implement efficient requirements lifecycle management aimed at guaranteeing the highest quality in the development of our clients' systems and services.\par
Support of various Standard Templates such as ISO26262, IEC62304, IEC61508, CENELEC50128, DO178/C, FMEA, SPICE, CMMI, etc.\par
Unrivaled system economics that guarantees the highest quality and drastically reduce total life cycle costs.\par
Configuration Management, Baselining, History Tracking, Requirements Versioning (comparing requirement versions and rolling them back)\par
Report Management: Dashboard and Report Customization,\par
Users utilize advanced functionality by leveraging modern best of breed technologies coupled with other tools such as DOORS, Jama, Siemens Polarion, PTC, Perforce, JIRA, Enterprise Architect, HP ALM, Microfocus ALM, PTC, TFS, Word, Excel, Test RT, RTRT, VectorCAST, LDRA and other tools\par
\par
\par
2) \b Jama Software\b0\par
\par
\par
Jama Software provides the leading platform for requirements, risk, and test management. With Jama Connect and industry-focused services, teams building complex products, systems, and software improve cycle times, increase quality, reduce rework, and minimize effort proving compliance.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Accurately\u8239?capture and\u8239?communicate requirements, goals, progress, and interdependencies throughout the development process\u8239?\u8239?\par
End-to-end\u8239?live traceability of people, data, and processes\u8239?\par
Real-time impact analysis showing the effect of changes related to upstream and downstream requirements\u8239?\par
Integrate with ALM, PLM, QA, MBSE\u8239?\par
Define, organize, and execute requirements-based test plans and test cases\par
Reuse validated requirements to quickly replicate features across products\u8239?\par
\par
3) \b CodeBeamer\b0 :\par
\par
\par
CodeBeamer is a powerful ALM Tool. It can associate with source code, tasks, bugs, tests, releases and all other artifacts. It offers gapless traceability across the entire lifecycle.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Integrations with MS Office, JIRA, IBM DOORS, Enterprise Architect using a REST API\par
Advanced Requirement Workflows & Process Enforcement\par
Efficient collaboration using documents management features\par
Agile Planning Board enables the convenient planning and management of releases\par
Release and Devops support.\par
End to End Demand Management and Compliance support\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://intland.com/codebeamer/download/ }}{\fldrslt{https://intland.com/codebeamer/download/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 4) Kovair ALM Studio:\par
\b0\par
\par
Kovair ALM Studio is most the comprehensive Application Lifecycle Management product. It can handle end to end development lifecycle stages from Requirements to Release.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Adopt 100% web-based solution with no client-side software for reducing support burden\par
Practice any of the development methodologies waterfall, agile or hybrid\par
Implement configurable task based workflow engine for increased efficiency and productivity\par
Get real-time notifications at every actionable stage\par
Complete coverage of development about every step, enabling compliance with standards.\par
Allow real-time viewing of artifacts status which increases transparency and releases predictability.\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kovair.com/alm-studio/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kovair.com/alm-studio/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
5) \b SwiftALM\b0 :\par
\par
\par
SwiftALM is an ALM tool for managing IT and software projects in the Global Delivery Model. It offers unique features to manage traditional and agile projects.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Setup the resources, processes, and projects, control access to plans and reports\par
Integrated Process Governance supports, Agile, waterfall and plenty of other processes\par
Highly configurable and flexible Application Architecture to support thousands of users\par
Advanced Search and Analytics technologies to increase Productivity, Quality and Delivery performance.\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.digite.com/free-demo-request/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.digite.com/free-demo-request/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 6) VersionOne:\b0\par
\par
\par
VersionOne simplifies product planning with easy backlog management. It is built for DevOps and provides end to end continuous delivery. It has a drag-and-drop interface.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
It allows users to prioritize stories and defects using the drag-and-drop function.\par
Manage Business Initiatives with Portfolio Items\par
Allows to group Items by theme\par
Provide result according to Business Goal\par
Capturing all Feature Requests in One Place\par
Helps users to ensure alignment between corporate objectives and product deliverables\par
It provides a forum for engaging with other customers to learn from peers.\par
Provides management with insights and end to end visibility.\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://info.versionone.com/v1-trial-free.html }}{\fldrslt{http://info.versionone.com/v1-trial-free.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 7) Aldon:\b0\par
\par
\par
Rocket Aldon is an ALM software that simplifies and automates every aspect of the software delivery process. It also ensures that change procedures are predictable, scalable, and repeatable.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Automate IT and DevOps workflow\par
Helps to reduce software errors and avoid production outages\par
Streamlined change management that scales\par
Allows to resolved deployment issues remotely\par
Simple build integration on any version control application\par
Allows single-click code promotion\par
Automatic inventory of builds and packaging\par
Role-based and individual permission definitions\par
Control and management of all servers from single console\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.rocketsoftware.com/products/rocket-aldon/alm-software }}{\fldrslt{http://www.rocketsoftware.com/products/rocket-aldon/alm-software\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\par
8) Helix ALM:\par
\b0\par
\par
Helix ALM solution help companies to manage any kind of complex ALM process. It also allows users to centralize and manage requirements, test cases, and issues.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Limit the Risk of Product Development\par
Increase Visibility into Project Health\par
It reduces product development risk by allowing collaboration across teams and departments\par
Streamline Development and QA Processes\par
It allows traceability across all work Items and Data\par
Deep integration with Source Control Systems.\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.perforce.com/try-perforce-free }}{\fldrslt{https://www.perforce.com/try-perforce-free\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 9) ConnectALL:\b0\par
ConnectALL connects Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) tools. It synchronizes data, workflow, and requirements automatically.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Unify teams, processes, and an enterprise-class solution that accelerates software development and collaboration\par
Real-time synchronization helps all team members to see the same data\par
Customizable one to many and many to many field mapping between other ALM tools\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.connectall.com/integration/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.connectall.com/integration/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 10) Devsuite:\b0\par
\par
\par
DevSuite is a fully integrated ALM solution. It allows developers and QA managers to monitor and control all processes of Application life cycle management.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Increase the overall quality of product with full traceability from each requirement\par
Workflow Automation & Standardization\par
Manage test cases, plan for test coverage, and control test execution\par
Unrivalled scalability and performance\par
It offers personalized user experience\par
Simplify product planning with the help of a centralized view\par
Get live project updates, manage tasks, directly from phone or tablet\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.techexcel.com/eval-devsuite/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.techexcel.com/eval-devsuite/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 11) Silkroad Alm:\b0\par
\par
\par
Silkroad is a high-reliability ALM. It has interlinking routes for the various legacy management system. It is a multi-purpose software which can act as requirement and test management tool.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Provide support for Version Control & Comparison of Requirements Documents\par
Requirements Impact Analysis\par
Data Integration between Task, Issue and Test System\par
Manage Requirements including Images, Tables & Equations\par
Upstream or Downstream Traceability Management\par
Change History Management\par
Widely used ALM in mission critical Aerospace and Defence industries.\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.silkroadalm.com/main.do }}{\fldrslt{http://www.silkroadalm.com/main.do\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 12) Polarion:\b0\par
\par
\par
Polarion is an integrated ALM platform. It facilitates organizations to automate and optimize the development processes across various projects. It gathers, approves and manages requirements for complex systems during the project lifecycle.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
All the requirement display to all other stakeholders for review, approval or development\par
Easily import existing assets with the help of the rule-based Import Wizard\par
Support for offline collaboration so that changes made outside of Polarion can be imported seamlessly\par
Invite stakeholders to sign the specific documents as reviewed or approved electronically\par
It supports development processes across various development operations like Agile, Waterfall, and Hybrid.\par
Polarion supports innovative problem-solving techniques for distributed teams.\par
Unified solution for building test cases in parallel with requirements\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://polarion.plm.automation.siemens.com/try-polarion-alm-qa-requirements }}{\fldrslt{https://polarion.plm.automation.siemens.com/try-polarion-alm-qa-requirements\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 13) ALM Complete:\b0\par
\par
\par
ALM Complete manages requirements, tracks project tasks, and lists issues/defects. It helps to manage all aspects of development life cycle. It also allows to define requirements, create test cases and track defects during test execution.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Delivers live updating of project plans and development status.\par
Link requirements to other use cases and store related documents in the same place.\par
Test Case Management feature organize test cases by groups, folders and custom fields.\par
Integrates with automated and manual test cases to deliver test coverage reports.\par
Easy Integration with common source code control tools\par
Creates custom lists to track use cases, tasks, test environments.\par
Supports escalation rules and reporting triggers\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.testmanagement.com/download/download_alm.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.testmanagement.com/download/download_alm.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 14) MicroFocus ALM:\b0\par
\par
\par
Microfocus ALM is Lean, Agile and DevOps software and solutions help organizations to release software faster. This tool allows team of all sizes to deliver high-quality apps with greater speed. The tool was orginally developer by Mercury, later acquired by HP and finally taken over by MicroFocus.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Deliver Apps with Speed, Quality, and Scale\par
It allows stakeholders to interact and coordinate, to achieve the project goals.\par
It provides robust tracking & reporting and seamless integration of various project related tasks\par
It allows detailed project analysis and effective management.\par
ALM can connect to email systems and send emails about any changes to all desired team members\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://software.microfocus.com/en-us/select/free-trial }}{\fldrslt{https://software.microfocus.com/en-us/select/free-trial\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 15) Rational Solution:\b0\par
The IBM Rational Solution for Agile ALM with Scrum makes it easy to adopt and automate Scrum. This single tool works effectively for the entire team as it allows to review end-to-end scenario.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Plan & track work with resource management.\par
Develop, execute, and report test plan\par
Better test execution and planning\par
It allowing team members to understand relationships between these artifacts better\par
It allows reliable integrations\par
Monitor and administer easily\par
Easy Integration with requirements and automation tools\par
customizable dashboards for fewer status meetings\par
It can easily integrates with a wide range of test automation tools\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://jazz.net/downloads/sse/ }}{\fldrslt{https://jazz.net/downloads/sse/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 16) Atlassian Jira:\b0\par
\par
\par
JIRA is a Agile Application Management tool. It helps every business person to plan, track, and create a report of their work.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Task Management helps to track of simple tasks\par
Everyone get the glance of the project's status without having to email or set up a meeting\par
Project Management feature allows to organizes corporate website designs or employee training programs\par
It allows measuring performance in different ways for quick overview and pre-defined report\par
Use out-of-the-box templates or customize them according to specific business needs\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.atlassian.com/try }}{\fldrslt{https://www.atlassian.com/try\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
17) TeamForge:\par
\par
\par
TeamForge is ALM platform for collaborative software development. It helps developers to speed up software delivery. It maintains all the standards of governance, compliance, and IP security.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
It provides visibility and traceability into agile processes and development across the organization\par
It allows development teams to expand their agile processes and encourages tighter collaboration\par
It can easily integrate other 3rd party tools flexible, centralized document management\par
Centralized role-based access control\par
Visualize Progress with Task Boards\par
Fast-Track with Planning Templates\par
Scrum/Kanban Support.\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.collab.net/products/teamforge/free-trial }}{\fldrslt{https://www.collab.net/products/teamforge/free-trial\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
18) Track+:\par
\par
\par
Track+ is a modular engineering lifecycle management software. It allows accelerating the development of software products. Track+ ALM tool organize requirements and tests in folders, documents, and document sections. It also allows writing documents using Word or other word processing software.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Organize complete requirements hierarchically, like system requirements, hardware requirements, and software requirements\par
Requirements with test cases and vice versa\par
Allow using customize Word document templates to create perfect requirement and test specifications\par
It provides one single, intuitive interface for various software development processes\par
It allows traceability along the Development lifecycle\par
It supports Scrum, Kanban, and traditional Methodologies\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.trackplus.com/en/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.trackplus.com/en/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
19) Orcanos\par
\par
\par
Orcanos ALM is provides end-to-end product delivery solution. It allows Collaborative Task Management, Requirements And Testing, ISO 14971 Integrated Risk Management, Quality Control & Automated Alerts and many other functionalities.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Complete Traceability and Coverage matrix\par
Manage related tasks, defects, meetings, codes, and test execution results\par
Immediate view of direct impact of any requirement or defect\par
Plan, analyze and estimate total work efforts needed for the project\par
Create a fresh set of updated document suite with a click of a butt\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.orcanos.com/signup }}{\fldrslt{http://www.orcanos.com/signup\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
20) OneOps:\par
\par
\par
OneOps is an application lifecycle management platform. It allows developers to code their products once and run them in a hybrid, multi-cloud environment.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
It allows rapid innovation with no barrier\par
It give controls of the cloud environments back to the developers and IT operations teams\par
Works out of the box with multiple public and private cloud infrastructure\par
It allows repeatable deployments across all environments\par
Future-proof automation and play nice with infrastructure\par
Flexible deployment along with cancellation capabilities\par
It comes out of the box supporting a long list of ISV products\par
It integrates with Maven/Jenkins to provide software development with Continuous Delivery capabilities\par
Mix and match technologies to define IaaS compliant infrastructure fully\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://oneops.com/ }}{\fldrslt{http://oneops.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
21) Relution:\par
\par
\par
Relution is an ALM tool which manages and secures the complete Mobile app lifecycle. It distributes applications via app store for iOS, Android, and Windows. It is easy-to-use and time-saving solution for ALM management.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
App distribution through private app store\par
Native apps for iOS, Android & Windows Phone\par
Apps from public stores like Google Play, Apple App Store or Windows Store\par
It distributes apps through the enterprise app store.\par
Highest app quality with an app approval process\par
Helps to achieve higher productivity and prevent any type of unintended app access\par
Save time and reduce stress on support\par
Deployment on premise or in the cloud\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.relution.io/en/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.relution.io/en/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
22) AccelQ:\par
\par
\par
AccleQ ALM tool provides a visual blueprint of application. It enables Test Design automation using path analysis to tracking quality assurance. It is a cloud based continuous testing platform for Functional & API Testing.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Codeless natural language Functional, API Automation\par
No IDE, Fully browser based easy to use application\par
Visualize and drive quality with accelQ Universe\par
Design/Automate/Maintain testing 3X Faster\par
Allows to manage test assets across multiple revisions of application-with the help of Smart View Analyzer\par
It allows building test scope based on change impact. By providing extensive support for metadata and tagging across various tests\par
Enterprise level access security with the help of OAuth 2.0 Protocol for Authentication and Authorization\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.accelq.com/product.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.accelq.com/product.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
23) Apprenda:\par
\par
\par
Apprenda is useful ALM tool. It manages web and SOA and micro services application deployments using versioning process. It gives an easy to use patching engine to apply patches for small upgrades and bug fixes.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Upload patches through Apprenda's patching engine\par
Parallel versions in the testing sandbox along with button click production stage and upgrades\par
Integrate with existing build systems and continuous integration using Apprenda's API.\par
Checking for SOAP and REST dependencies\par
Automatic late binding of requests to targeted services\par
Version aware call orchestration that checks production vs. production boundaries\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://apprenda.com/platform/features/application-lifecycle-management/ }}{\fldrslt{https://apprenda.com/platform/features/application-lifecycle-management/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
24) QAcube:\par
\par
\par
QACube is QA testing ALM tool which allows a 360-degree view of various activities of QA. It allows the testing team to leverage the leading visual analytics to see bottlenecks. It also helps them to make important resource decisions.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
It reviews agile test plan performance across teams\par
Prioritize with risk-based testing to get the highest test coverage\par
Provide key stakeholders with the views they need based on roles\par
It offers dynamic dashboards to Management\par
Achieve visibility & transparency across ALM/ software testing project\par
Pull critical information into a single, intuitive dashboard.\par
See all your data from any source on one platform to make faster, better-informed decisions.\par
Automatically-updated, actionable metrics with dynamic information\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.qacube.com/product/request_demo }}{\fldrslt{http://www.qacube.com/product/request_demo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
25) McCabe CM:\par
\par
\par
McCabe CM manages and tracks the entire ALM requests through production. It is allowing members of the development, test, and release teams to select and migrate changes. It can be either forwards, backward, or sideways across the different versions.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
It manages and tracks the entire application lifecycle from requests thru production.\par
It uses advanced software metrics to identify, objectively measure, and report on the complexity\par
It also allows release management of the project\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.mccabe.com/cm.htm }}{\fldrslt{http://www.mccabe.com/cm.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
26) NexaStack:\par
\par
\par
NexaStack is an Application management tool. It provides a highly customizable solution for Enterprises. It provides Flexibility and Stability for an Enterprise application. It also offers Big Data Infrastructure to deploy on-premises or in the Public Cloud.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Secure application lifecycle from the beginning\par
Complete insights of what's happening in the system\par
Get Complete Analysis of Usage, Logs and Application Processes\par
Automated Rollouts & Rollbacks\par
Supports for all types of Microservices Architecture\par
Allows On-Premises Deployment\par
Download: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.nexastack.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.nexastack.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
27) PTC:\par
\par
\par
Integrity Lifecycle Manager ALM tool developed by PTC. It connects systems and software including requirements, for developing the comprehensive application. It allows managing product and system requirements to allow closed-loop product validation.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Easy traceability between requirements, test cases, defects, etc.\par
Powerful querying, charting and reporting\par
Historical reporting and suspect link flagging and reporting\par
It offers greater visibility with end-to-end lifecycle traceability and task-based change management\par
Enhance audibility by enforcing consistent development processes across the lifecycle\par
Management of Agile, iterative and traditional methodologies using the same platform\par
Real-time life cycle visibility with task-based change management\par
It offers centralized planning, measurement, and reporting\par
Explicit support for software development best practices\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.ptc.com/en/application-lifecycle-management/integrity/lifecycle-manager }}{\fldrslt{https://www.ptc.com/en/application-lifecycle-management/integrity/lifecycle-manager\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
28) Zephyr:\par
\par
\par
Zephyr is a robust ALM tool. It manages all aspects of the testing lifecycle. This Agile ALM testing tool fits and enhances various types of test methodology like Waterfall, Agile, hybrid or V-Model.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
Track quality metrics\par
Link to stories, tasks, requirements, etc.\par
Create, view, edit and clone tests\par
Create custom dashboards\par
Allows to perform advanced searches using ZQL\par
Plan test execution cycles\par
Well documented REST APIs for custom integrations\par
Integration with tools like JIRA, Selenium, Bamboo, Jenkins, Confluence etc\par
\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.getzephyr.com/products/zephyr-enterprise }}{\fldrslt{https://www.getzephyr.com/products/zephyr-enterprise\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
29) qTest:\par
\par
\par
Qtest is a complete requirement management and ALM tool. It tracks, organizes and report all testing activities using fast and easy-to-use interface. It provides robust and easy-to-use test management.\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
The solution that can easily integrate with JIRA in real-time\par
Integrates with CI/CD processes through tools like Bamboo and Jenkins\par
Allows automation testing that leverages TestNG, JUnit, and Cucumber for JAVA\par
Rich APIs allows easy integrations between qTest and thirty other testing tools\par
Test projects can be cloned or copied for set up\par
It comes integrated with LDAP and SSO option\par
Control user profiles at the site and project level\par
Capture complete test run history\par
Generate test run-specific configurations and parameters\par
Download link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.qasymphony.com/qtest-trial-qascom/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.qasymphony.com/qtest-trial-qascom/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Below are our TOP 10 Hand Picked ALM Tools\par
Visure\par
Modern Requirements4DevOps\par
PractiTest\par
CodeBeamer\par
Kovair ALM Studio\par
SwiftALM\par
VersionOne\par
Rocket Aldon\par
Helix ALM\par
ConnectALL\lang9\par
}
 